Document JSON listener configuration under important changes (#830)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.18.x/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.16.x.mdx

> ## Important changes

Reviewer: Please also add a row to the relevant summary table under `/global/partials/important-changes/summary-tables` so this shows up in the change tracker pages

> ### JSON Payload Limits

Reviewer 2: Can you make this a partial? It will have to go in the global partials, but it seems worth it if we ever have to update it.

I think it also needs to be in the v1.18.x/content/docs/upgrading upgrade to 1.16.x guide, moreseo than in this file.

@schavis does that make sense for this kind of content?

Reviewer: Yes. Once we finish the cleanup work, everything will be a partial since even new behaviors can affect past versions (like this one).

> ### JSON Payload Limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JSON payload limits (##json-payload-limits)
```
Style correction: use sentence case for headings
Structural correction: use explicit anchors for important change blocks for easier/accurate crosslinking over time

| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------

> | New behavior | 1.16.25           | All

Reviewer 2: Could you add all the versions?

Reviewer 2: Yes, ideally we'd have the full list of affected versions everywhere this appears in the docs.

Reviewer: We need to start being more precise about the affected versions. If the new behavior is introduced in 1.16.25, then we should say 1.16.25+ not just "1.16.x". Same for breaking changes (when we introduced the change) and known issues (the earliest versions of that release known to include the issue).

|              |                  |              |
|              |                  |              |

To provide deeper protection against potential Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks, this release
introduces several new security limits that are applied to incoming JSON request bodies.
These settings are configured on a listener and give administrators granular control over the

> structure and size of JSON payloads that Vault will process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
structure and size of JSON payloads that Vault will process and the configuration and performance characteristics of their Vault cluster.
```

We've chosen defaults that are intentionally generous to accommodate a wide range of

> legitimate use cases, but they provide a strong defense against malicious or malformed requests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
legitimate use cases, and which should guard against most malicious or malformed requests.
```

> To guard against potential Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks, this release
> introduces several Vault listener options that enforce payload size limits applied to incoming JSON request bodies.
> These settings are configured on a listener and give administrators granular control over the
> structure and size of JSON payloads that Vault will process and the configuration and performance characteristics of their Vault cluster.
> We've chosen defaults that are intentionally generous to accommodate a wide range of
> legitimate use cases, and which should guard against most malicious or malformed requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To guard against potential Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks, Vault now supports
several listener options to enforce payload size limits for to incoming JSON
request bodies.

You can configure the payload limits individullly on each listener and give
administrators granular control over the:

- maximum allowed nesting depth of a JSON object or array (`max_json_depth`).
- maximum allowed length for any single string value in the payload (`max_json_string_value_length`.)
- maximum number of key-value pairs allowed in a single JSON object (`max_json_object_entry_count`).
- maximum number of elements permitted in a single JSON array `max_json_array_element_count`.

The configuration defaults provide intentionally generous limits to accommodate
a wide range of legitimate use cases while still guarding against most malicious
or malformed requests.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, make lists with long items easy to scan, avoid "this"/"these" as pronouns, avoid contractions

I removed "the performance configuration of the Vault cluster" because that seems unrelated to JSON payload configuration for specific listeners. If granting permissions for cluster settings is a new behavior as well, we should spell out more specifically how it relates to the JSON payload limits (if it does) or add an additional entry for that change as well.

It serves as a critical defense against "JSON depth bomb" attacks, where a malicious
client sends a deeply nested payload to cause a stack overflow on the server.
The default value is 500, which is well above the nesting level of any typical
Vault configuration or secret, providing a robust safeguard without impacting normal operations.

`max_json_string_value_length`
This parameter defines the maximum allowed length for any single string value
within a JSON payload, measured in bytes. This limit prevents a client from
sending a request with an extremely large string to cause excessive memory allocation on the server.
The default value is 1,048,576 bytes (1MB), which is aligned with Vault's default storage backend
limit and is large enough to comfortably accommodate common secrets like full TLS certificate chains.

`max_json_object_entry_count`
This parameter sets the maximum number of key-value pairs allowed in a single JSON object.
This is a direct defense against HashDoS (Hash Flooding) attacks, where an attacker could send
an object with an enormous number of keys to overwhelm the server's CPU. A legitimate JSON object

> with more than 10,000 keys is extremely rare, so the default provides a high ceiling for normal operations

Reviewer 2: I really like how you spelled out the defaults for the other entries.

```suggestion
with more than 10,000 keys is extremely rare, so the default of 10,000 provides a high ceiling for normal operations
```

> `max_json_depth`
> This parameter specifies the maximum allowed nesting depth of a JSON object or array.
> It serves as a critical defense against "JSON depth bomb" attacks, where a malicious
> client sends a deeply nested payload to cause a stack overflow on the server.
> The default value is 500, which is well above the nesting level of any typical
> Vault configuration or secret, providing a robust safeguard without impacting normal operations.
> 
> `max_json_string_value_length`
> This parameter defines the maximum allowed length for any single string value
> within a JSON payload, measured in bytes. This limit prevents a client from
> sending a request with an extremely large string to cause excessive memory allocation on the server.
> The default value is 1,048,576 bytes (1MB), which is aligned with Vault's default storage backend
> limit and is large enough to comfortably accommodate common secrets like full TLS certificate chains.
> 
> `max_json_object_entry_count`
> This parameter sets the maximum number of key-value pairs allowed in a single JSON object.
> This is a direct defense against HashDoS (Hash Flooding) attacks, where an attacker could send
> an object with an enormous number of keys to overwhelm the server's CPU. A legitimate JSON object
> with more than 10,000 keys is extremely rare, so the default of 10,000 provides a high ceiling for normal operations
> while ensuring server stability.
> 
> `max_json_array_element_count`
> This parameter determines the maximum number of elements permitted in a single JSON array.
> Its primary purpose is to protect the server from having to construct and hold a massive,
> memory-intensive array in a single API response, which is most common during LIST operations on secrets paths.
> The default of 10,000 elements acts as a sensible guardrail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The important changes page isn't really the place to document the details of each parameter, we should provide a one-sentence summary for each and link out to the relevant config docs for more information
